Surprise!
Teach us, Kunudon!
Hi, everybody! Kunudon here!
Autumn means good food, cramming sessions...
and school festivals!
And school festivals are no joke here at the prestigious Kunugigaoka Academy!
Return-on-investment ratio!
Getting results here will look great to potential employers while job hunting!
That's why everyone's so into it!
The employment Ice Age!
Some students display stunning business acumen that'd put any full-fledged member of society to shame!
Nouveau riche! Yay!
Our chain will gladly lend its support.
The Kunugigaoka School Festival is famous nationwide.
Using our products would be fantastic publicity for us.
Asano-kun, we consider your customer draw and future promise well worth the investment.
Thank you very much.
Wh-What junior-high student signs on with a sponsor?!
No blind spots. We'll blow that E Class away—as we should.
The main campus sure is getting hyped about this year's festival.
They probably figure we'll be up to something, even if we can't win.
I hear that Asano actually signed an endorsement contract with a restaurant.
I wouldn't put it past him.
We'll just have to go for the win.
This match will likely hinge on a compilation of everything but assassination and studying.
I really don't want to lose to the A Class...
but what can we do?
Asano-kun's right. The key is to make people feel they're getting a good deal.
If you can use a tight budget to make something of greater value,
the customers will come.
Well, yeah, but... The answers are all around you!
The value of the E Class here
lies in this, this, this, and this!
These ingredients are like you:
hidden in the mountains where no one notices their power!
So we attack our customers with hidden weapons.
Makes for a pretty assassin-y restaurant!
Now, sell these blades like you're going in for the kill!
Come on by! Acorn noodles made with real acorns!
A new taste sensation made with the mountain's natural goodness!
Even upperclassmen like you—adults who recognize value—
will never have tasted deliciousness like this!
Oh, yeah? Is it really that good?
Of course! Taste the just-picked freshness!
Huh. Nice place ya got here.
Hey!
It's the high-school guys from our class trip!
What are you doing here?!
Oh? Come to abduct another girl, have you?
Like hell we are.
Wouldn't want your freak of a teacher to show up again.
But we don't need to get physical to wreck your day.
I could... start shoutin' that your food tastes like crap, say?
Or put a few choice words online?
Well? Bring it out already.
Our signature dish: acorn noodles.
Whoa, this looks great! Hey, Ryuuki-kun, can I order a Mont Blanc too?
Yeah! I wanna try the smoked fish!
Hey, cool it! Your stupid's showin'!
Pfft. Leave it to a junior-high kid to come up with this.
One bite, and I'm gonna puke.
S-So good!
We wanted to get lots of dramatic reaction shots out of them...
but those cooking anime have a monopoly on that.
Fuwa-san...
Not bad, right? I spent a solid week on research.
The noodles are acorn, thickened with grated yam.
Mountain foods are really strongly flavored,
so I went with a rich dipping broth.
It was hard work!
These pork-bone and soy-sauce acorn noodles
are the result of my search for the ultimate balance.
True... I ain't ever tasted anything like it.
For Muramatsu, it's downright miraculous.
So much for your mediocre flavor being a selling point.
Shut up, Itona! Get to work!
Let's try something else! C'mon!
What's this "slender Caesar" mushroom?
Never had that before!
Hey, you jokers! Say it tastes like crap!
Oh? Does it?
Oh, dear... Did you not like my students' cooking?
What a babe!
No, no, no, no, no! It's crazy good!
Oh? Then how about this persimmon-loquat gelatin?
It's just as soft as my skin.
Yes, ma'am!
And if you were to eat one of everything,
it would make me sooo happy.
B-But I don't have the cash...
There's one right by the train station.
An A... T... M.
Time to make a withdrawal!
Okay! I'll be waiting!
They're poised to drain guys dry.
With Yada at the bottom drawing in customers
and Bitch-sensei at the top...
That's one mean master-disciple duo.
We have Sugaya-kun's posters,
Okajima-kun's food photos,
Hazama-san's menu descriptions,
and Mimura-kun's special-edition website—
everything we need to pique our customers' interest.
It's only day one. The battle's just getting started.
According to my recon,
it looks like the A Class is better at getting customers interested.
This is our school festival debut!
Asano-senpai!
Glad you could come. I hope you enjoy yourself.
We've got all kinds of events running at one-hour intervals.
My idol friends and comedian buddies are performing for free.
The 500-yen entrance fee gets you free food and drink.
When the event on one stage is over,
the next event starts right away on the other side.
People will keep coming back, paying the entrance fee each time,
and by the time they've satisfied their curiosity,
their stomachs will be full to bursting.
I doubt they'll feel like going to the E Class's café.
Okay, we're up. You get ready while I knock out a few songs.
Is there anything he can't do?
Right?
Honestly, he can do so much it's kind of disgusting.
But even a guy like that can fail.
Can't have that—not against the E Class or anyone else.
No matter how crafty our leader is, I'm sick of seeing him lose.
We're the chosen ones too, you know.
Learning an instrument between study sessions is no big deal.
Shall we give him some backup?
Yeah!
Hey, Nagisa! You here?
I'll have this.
You got it.
We made it!
Sakura-chan!
And Matsukata-san with the rest of the kids!
Hey, so you kept in touch, Nagisa?
Yeah, I help her study sometimes.
When your exclusive tutor asks you to come,
you pretty much have to, y'know?
Way to go, Nagisa.
It's a predator!
That's a big boost to our customer count, at least!
Ladykiller!
How are you, Princess?
Sorry we don't have deeper pockets.
Oh, now this is superb!
Something this tasty is gonna sell for sure.
It's been a struggle.
We can make good stuff, but it's hard to let folks know about it.
Hmm.
Aw, but I wouldn't worry.
You guys have this mysterious power, y'know?
Right. If you've been nice to others, word will get out one way or another.
Thanks again!
I am confident about what we've accomplished so far.
But it'd be great to spread the word to as many people as we can.
Listen, Nagisa, I heard why you let your hair grow long.
I'm sorry. You didn't want to do it...
Did my teasing hurt you?
Oh, not at all!
I can handle a little ribbing from you and Karma-kun.
Oh, okay. I'll try to lay off the teasing, anyway.
Hey!
Th-That flighty voice...
Nagisa-chan! I came to hang out!
Y-Yuuji-kun?!
Yuuji?
Oh, from the tropical island—
that guy who mistakenly fell for Nagisa!
H-How'd you know I went to school here?
I looked up the island's guest records.
When I checked the school's website, I saw your festival was underway!
O-Oh, okay... Ah, hey! Whoa! Nakamura-san!
One last time! One last time!
You just said you'd lay off!
He's rich, isn't he?
We've got to raise our per-customer sales any way we can.
Go get 'em, Nagisa-chan!
The fate of the class rests on your hostess skills!
Whoa!
Man, I'm so glad I came during the festival!
I can't believe I got you all to myself!
Plus, your suggestion to eat in private where no one can see us...
You're getting my hopes up!
I just don't want any customers I know to see us.
Now I've got cue cards?
I-I want you to try allll my favorites!
Sure, sure! I'll order the whole menu if that's what you want!
Kid's rich, all right!
He's a good eater too, so make us some money, Nagisa-chan!
Oh, I quit smoking those sketchy herbs.
After all, you were worried about me!
Oh, I see.
Here you are!
Ooh, this looks good too! Lemme take a picture.
I feel bad about fooling Yuuji...
but I've got to keep up the charade so he won't sniff out all my secrets.
Karma-kun, that is not my line of work!
Hey!
Karasuma-san! Brought you something!
I'm liking all the rich colors on this mountain!
I heard the Reaper did you in.
It was touch-and-go there for a while.
But I'm young enough to recover quickly.
Never mind that, just hide your gun!
Who's that? He has a gun!
M-Maybe we should call the police—
Wh-Whoa! N-No, that guy is, uh...
Y-Yoshioka-san from the local hunting club.
"Yoshioka-san"?! But he's totally a foreigner!
H-He's naturalized. A big anime fan. You know how it is.
Oh, really?
Well, enough about Yoshioka-san...
Nagisa-chan, be honest.
What do you think of m—
My god!
Lovro... The octopus invited me.
I see. I'm just glad you're still alive too.
Your pupil's been worried. Go see her.
I will.
Wh-What's with the scary old dude?
He's no ordinary guy!
M-Mild Yagyuu. He's a big name in the Asakusa theater scene.
He's a comedian?!
Th-That conversation?
They were discussing a routine.
His pupil quit comedy, see, and became a teacher here, and...
Hmm...
Gun-tastic! You wouldn't think kids put together this flavor!
Yeah! It tastes so good I'd gladly eat even a poisoned bowl!
F-Fellow comedians! From Asakusa!
And the guy eating the wasabi Mont Blanc is doing a reaction gag he learned directly from Mild Yagyuu!
We just seem to fall in with that kind of crowd.
Hey, Nagisa-chan...
You're lying, aren't you?
My old man's a big-name talent.
I've seen the faces of countless people who've cozied up to him ever since I was little.
I can tell when people put up a front. When they wear a fake smile.
The girl I met at that island hotel?
She wouldn't smile like that.
Wow. Good eye.
Nothing good about it.
Just an unwanted talent I got from my skeevy environment.
You're right. I was lying to you.
I've looked like this ever since I was a little boy. l can't help it.
And I always hated it.
Wait... "boy"?
But lately I've learned that if it can help others, even an unwanted talent can give you confidence.
So I don't hate it that much now.
I'm sorry. I'm a guy.
Another lie?
No, really.
Another one?
Show him, and he'll believe you!
Show him what?!
Does this look like the face of someone who's lying?
No way...
Examined from another angle,
your faults and weaknesses can be weapons.
What I've learned in this classroom is how to achieve just that.
It's how we put together this café,
and it's the connection that brought all these people here today.
It's really exciting, not to mention fun.
Oh, b-but since I tricked you, I'll give you your money back!
Nah. I just... feel like such a dummy.
I'm out.
Huh? He left already?
I was going to wring him out for a cosplay photo shoot.
Just how much were you trying to make off me?!
Yuuji-kun... That was wrong of me.
Well, our first day went all right.
The sales reports are up.
At this rate, we won't get anywhere near the A Class.
Hurry, or we'll miss the morning broadcast!
Huh? A TV crew?
Covering what?
The only thing up ahead is the E Class.
What the hell?!
You guys! Everybody's talking about us on social media!
I dug around a little to find where it began.
And what I found...
was Norita Yuuji—the most influential food blogger on the 'net!
Thanks to having grown up on a diet of high-class food,
his tastebuds are, annoyingly enough, the real deal.
His reviews as a wandering gourmet for whom money is no object are super reliable!
Yuuji-kun...
I came across a crazy-delicious café at the Kunugigaoka School Festival.
My next post will cover the menu in depth, but for now,
my whole outlook on life has changed.
They used all kinds of self-sufficient ingredients,
turning a poor location to their advantage.
"Your faults and weaknesses can be weapons."
When I heard my friend who works there say that,
I thought about how guilty I felt to be so spoiled,
hiding in the shadow of my big-shot father.
I was such a dummy.
The allowance I've been pampered with—that's my weapon.
And I want to use it to help people,
so I'll just go for it and post my recommendations.
First, the life-changing mountaintop café.
You've only got one day left to taste it!
Welcome!
We all ran ourselves ragged after that.
With every new order, we foraged, cooked, served,
and sold.
Our friends and acquaintances kept coming, and coming,
and coming!
Uh-oh! We're about to run out of acorn noodles!
We've had more customers than we thought we would.
But the A Class will have made more money.
The "tastes of the mountain" side menu is selling well too.
Let's stick it out with those in the time we have left!
If we go a little further into the mountain,
we can build up our reserves a bit.
Hmm...
No. Let's end it here.
But then we can't win.
That's all right.
Any more foraging, and we'll destroy the mountain's ecosystem.
Yeah...
The actions of all creatures contribute to our deeper interconnection.
Did you sense all the connections with which fate has blessed you?
Those who've taught you, those who've helped you,
those you've caused trouble for, those who've caused trouble for you,
and those you've fought as rivals, only to better one another.
So today turned out to be another lesson after all.
Damn. I really wanted to win, too.
I'm sorry! We're all sold out—
Oh, are you? You were very popular.
Mom...
Here you go: our last crimson-glory-vine juice. I'm sure you'll like it.
Thanks.
Your class is really something. I see why you want to stay.
Yeah.
Nagisa, what happened here the other night...
When I saw you walk away, I realized...
that my son was his own person.
And that "graduating" from me was no bluff.
I knew that somewhere along the way, you'd found the strength to do all that.
But, Nagisa...
At least stay with me till you come of age.
Then you can do whatever you like.
I'm your one and only mother, after all.
Let me worry about you for a little longer.
Okay!
All of the connections we encounter in this world
serve as teachers who nurture us.
How about making today the day you were born?
The connections you gave me...
Am I doing a good job passing them along?
Hey.
Nagisa-kun's mother apologized.
I understand she tried to set a fire?
Yes. But that's water under the bridge.
And she whispered something to me as she left...
She said she'd keep my wig a secret? What's the meaning of this?
That A Class is amazing!
They beat the high-schoolers to come out on top!
That's Asano-kun for you.
But the E Class stands out too.
They came in third even after closing shop halfway through day two!
How would it have turned out if they'd stayed till the end?
Did you go?
Well, it was on TV and everything... I got all curious, y'know?
Here I thought the E Class was this hellish place.
But being all self-sufficient out in nature like that?
They might actually have it pretty good!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo
Teach Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo
Teach Kunundo Teach Kunundo n do n do n do us, us, us,
Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu n do n do n do n
do n do n do do n do n do n
10th Period Muramatsu Takuya School Festival Time
Maid Café Creperie Train-Station Bento Display Burger Shop Creative Bento Café Taiyaki Shop
Acorn Noodles Acorn Noodles
m 309 607 l 435 607 435 663 309 663
Junior High Acorn Noodles Acorn Noodles
Junior High
m 231 668 l 382 668 382 720 231 720
Junior High Acorn Noodles Acorn Noodles
Acorn Noodles Acorn Noodles Acorn Noodles
Acorn Noodles
Event Stage Event Stage
Event Stage Entrance Fee Entrance Fee
Entrance Fee Food & Drinks
Food & Drinks Food & Drinks Event Stage
Event Stage Event Stage Entrance Fee
Entrance Fee Entrance Fee Food & Drinks Food & Drinks
Food & Drinks Event Stage Event Stage
Event Stage Entrance Fee Entrance Fee
Entrance Fee Food & Drinks
Food & Drinks Food & Drinks
Event Stage Event Stage
Event Stage Entrance Fee Entrance Fee
Entrance Fee Food & Drinks
Food & Drinks Food & Drinks Event Stage
Event Stage Event Stage Entrance Fee
Entrance Fee Entrance Fee Food & Drinks Food & Drinks
Food & Drinks
Assassination Classroom Second Season Kayano Kaede
Nagisa: "I want you to try all my favorites!"
Read it!
See if he'll pay 10,000 yen for a date!
Yoshioka-san from the local hunting club
the local hunting club Yoshioka-san from
the local hunting club
He's an anime fan He's an anime fan
Show him, and he'll believe you!
Norita Yuuji
m 128 264 l 1055 72 1232 662 303 889
A rich kid trying everything from
cheap dining halls to haute cuisine.
Curious about a place?
I'll fly right over!
Now taking requests!
Norita Yuuji
m 128 264 l 1055 72 1232 662 303 889
A rich kid trying everything from
cheap dining halls to haute cuisine.
Curious about a place?
I'll fly right over!
Now taking requests!
m 550 303 l 639 297 626 224 542 221
High m 334 249 l 397 239 395 302 332 300
Jr.High
m 851 270 l 912 282 935 204 853 193 828 203
Jr.High School Festival
Overall Results
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo